Remove recommendation for ABAP Formatter (#343)
SAP/styleguides: clean-abap/CleanABAP.md

> [Clean ABAP](#clean-abap) > [Content](#content) > [This section](#formatting)

The suggestions below are [optimized for reading, not for writing](#optimize-for-reading-not-for-writing).

> Some of them might not be covered by automated code formatting tools, such as ABAP Formatter or ABAPCleaner, so manual effort to reformat statements might be necessary, but we recommend sticking with automated formatting as dar a s possible for the sake of consistency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of them might not be covered by automated code formatting tools, such as ABAP Formatter or ABAP Cleaner, so manual effort to reformat statements might be necessary, but we recommend sticking with automated formatting as much as possible for the sake of consistency.
```

  ,e TYPE f.
```

### Use an Automated Code Formatting Tool

> [Clean ABAP](#clean-abap) > [Content](#content) > [Formatting](#formatting) > [This section](#use-an-automated-code-formatting-tool)

Use an automated code formatting tool with a consistent setting in your team.

> Read more in _Chapter 5: Formatting: Team Rules_ of [Robert C. Martin's _Clean Code_].

### Use the ABAPCleaner

> [Clean ABAP](#clean-abap) > [Content](#content) > [Formatting](#formatting) > [This section](#use-the-abap-cleaner)

> Always use the [ABAPCleaner](https://github.com/SAP/abap-cleaner), ideally with the default configuration.

Reviewer: I think this should be the same as before: Always use your team's formatter settings. 😉
